This lesson I want to go over some of the next steps with javascript.
Now there are some great resources on line and with javascript.
We saw the power of bringing in javascript libraries and how much additional functionality they could
add to our applications.
It is a great resource.
Java scripting dot com and this lists all of the most popular new and just overall trending javascript
libraries that are out there.
So there's a number of these that I'm sure you've heard of and ant and all of these libraries allow
us to extend what we can do with javascript.
There's also a query.
So the Querrey is probably one of the most popular javascript libraries and there's also angular re-act
view.
So these are some of the more popular ones.
There's ones that are more specific such as 3. G-S allows you to build a G-S a 3D library materialise
foundation.
So there frameworks for designing web sites similar to bootstrap.
So it's just a lot of libraries here so I do encourage you to take a look around and try out some of
these libraries.
Bring them in.
Tax for these libraries may not look familiar at all because they've each got their own set of javascript
methods.
So even though they're based on Javascript it is going to look different.
This is why it's really important to have a good solid understanding of javascript before jumping into
any one of these libraries.
If you're looking for hosted libraries there's a great resource developers dot Google dot com.
This is a great place to get hosted libraries so what host of libraries do is they simply allow you
to bring angular or Jay Querrey directly into your project without actually having to download the source
files.
And if you notice as well that there m i n g s.
So that means that there are minute fight versions of the file.
These are ones where all the whitespace is removed and they're very hard to read.
If you do want to make use of them if you're Or if you have to make use of them then best suggestion
is to go to a javascript beautifier paste them in and beautify it.
And this is going to add in all that whitespace back in and make them readable once again going back
into the course and looking through all of the source files and exercises that there are contained within
the course.
You can go back and you can apply some of the newer things that you've learned back into those exercises
and prove them make them better extend expand them and really make them in your own add them into your
per folios and grow your scope of different projects that you've worked on and practice Javascript.
So that's one of the main things and takeaways from this course is to continue to practice and expand
on your knowledge with javascript.